final-project/README.md, before:

# Data Representation and Querying Project 2015
#####by Wilson Cordeiro - G00330453
A third year Data Representation and Querying Project 2015. 

## Overview
As required on the Data Representation & Querying, I have created a simple API for a dataset.

This project provides an API for two dataset: Galway City Beaches and Bathing Water Compliance.

Both datasets are available at:

1. [Galway City Beaches](https://data.gov.ie/dataset/galway-city-beaches)

2. [Bathing Water Compliance](https://data.gov.ie/dataset/bathing-water-compliance)

For reference, I have attached the following files:
* ```Galway_City_Beaches.csv```
* ```BWPR00198_2013_01_profile.pdf```
* ```BWPR00217_2013_01_profile.pdf```
* ```BWPR00265_2014_01_profile.pdf```
* ```BWPR00307_2015_01_profile.pdf```

## Information about the datasets
1. Galway Beaches
The data is in CSV format (Comma Separated Values), obtained from [Galway City Beaches](https://data.gov.ie/dataset/galway-city-beaches).

### Size, Fields & Values.
The file cointains 4 unique rows. Each row has 8 fields with associated values.

| Field         | Description     |
|:-----:|:-------------------------------------------------------------:|
| **ObjectID**  | An ID given to each park. |
| **Name**      | Name of the beach    |
| **Lat**       | The latitude coordinate of the park  |
| **Long**      | The longitude coordinate of the park |
| **EastITM**   | Irish Transverse Mercator (ITM) East value. * | 
| **NorthITM**  | Irish Transverse Mercator (ITM) North vaule.  | 
| **EastIG**    | East Irish Grid Reference number. ** |
| **NorthIG**   | North Irish Grid Reference number. |

*
> From Wikipedia - [Irish Transverse Mercator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irish_Transverse_Mercator).

> _"**Irish Transverse Mercator (ITM)** is the geographic coordinate system for Ireland."_

**
> From Wikipedia - [Irish grid reference system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irish_grid_reference_system).

> _"The **Irish grid reference system** is a system of geographic grid references commonly used in Ireland (both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland)."_

Commit message:

changes
Description of the datasets used on the project

final-project/README.md, after:

# Data Representation and Querying Project 2015
#####by Wilson Cordeiro - G00330453
A third year Data Representation and Querying Project 2015. 

## Overview
As required on the Data Representation & Querying, I have created a simple API for a dataset.

This project provides an API for two dataset: Galway City Beaches and Bathing Water Compliance.

Both datasets are available at:

1. [Galway City Beaches](https://data.gov.ie/dataset/galway-city-beaches)

2. [Bathing Water Compliance](https://data.gov.ie/dataset/bathing-water-compliance)

For reference, I have attached the following files:
* ```Galway_City_Beaches.csv```
* ```BWPR00198_2013_01_profile.pdf```
* ```BWPR00217_2013_01_profile.pdf```
* ```BWPR00265_2014_01_profile.pdf```
* ```BWPR00307_2015_01_profile.pdf```

## Information about the datasets
1. Galway Beaches
The **Galway City Beaches** Dataset contains information about all of the public beaches that can be found in Galway City. This dataset is not particularly useful when used solely but could be integrated with another dataset or as a part of an application.
The data is in CSV format (Comma Separated Values), obtained from [Galway City Beaches](https://data.gov.ie/dataset/galway-city-beaches).

### Size, Fields & Values.
The file cointains 4 unique rows. Each row has 8 fields with associated values.

| Field         | Description     |
|:-----:|:-------------------------------------------------------------:|
| **ObjectID**  | An ID given to each beach. |
| **Name**      | Name of the beach    |
| **Lat**       | The latitude coordinate of the beach  |
| **Long**      | The longitude coordinate of the beach |
| **EastITM**   | Irish Transverse Mercator (ITM) East value. * | 
| **NorthITM**  | Irish Transverse Mercator (ITM) North vaule.  | 
| **EastIG**    | East Irish Grid Reference number. ** |
| **NorthIG**   | North Irish Grid Reference number. |

*
> From Wikipedia - [Irish Transverse Mercator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irish_Transverse_Mercator).

> _"**Irish Transverse Mercator (ITM)** is the geographic coordinate system for Ireland."_

**
> From Wikipedia - [Irish grid reference system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irish_grid_reference_system).

> _"The **Irish grid reference system** is a system of geographic grid references commonly used in Ireland (both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland)."_

2.  Bathing Water Compliance
The **Bathing Water Compliance** Dataset is divided in four files and each file detailed information about Galway Beaches. This dataset was chosen as a compliment for the Galway City Beaches Dataset.
The data is in four separeted files, each one has information about one of the Galway City main beaches. The files are in PDF format (Portable Document Format), obtained from [Bathing Water Compliance](https://data.gov.ie/dataset/bathing-water-compliance).

### Size, Fields & Values.
Only a few information of this dataset are going to be used in this API.
Here is a breakdown of each field:

| Field | Description   |
|:--------:|:--------------------------------:|
| **Bathing Water** | Name of the beach. |
| **Bathing Water Code** | An ID given to each beach. |
| **Facilities** | Facilities in the beach eg.: Toilets,Disabled Access,Livesaving,etc. |
| **Water Depth** | The maximun depth of the water. |
| **Number of visitors** | Maximun number of visitors in high seanson. |
| **Risks** | Risk that may be found on the beach. |
| **Water Quality** | Status of the bathing water. |
